Update bandchain.js docs (#81)
bandprotocol/bandchain-docs: docs/develop/developer-tools/02-bandchain.js/04-example.md

## Setup Functions

The examples below use these helper functions to create signing clients:

```js
import { getOfflineSignerAmino as getOfflineSigner } from 'cosmjs-utils'
import { getSigningClient } from '@bandprotocol/bandchain.js'

const mnemonic =
  'other clutch garage magic remind gentle hamster viable crash youth rebuild peasant' // SECURITY: Add mnemonic to your .env file - DO NOT use this default mnemonic in production!
const rpcEndpoint = 'https://rpc.band-v3-testnet.bandchain.org' // Testnet RPC endpoint

// Creates a standard Cosmos signing client for basic operations
const getSignerClient = async () => {
  const signer = await getOfflineSigner({
    mnemonic,
    chain: {
      bech32_prefix: 'band', // Band Protocol address prefix
      slip44: 494, // Band Protocol coin type
    },
  })

  const cosmosClient = await getSigningClient({
    rpcEndpoint,
    signer,
  })

  return cosmosClient
}

// Creates a Band Protocol specific signing client with additional Band modules
const getBandSignerClient = async () => {
  const signer = await getOfflineSigner({
    mnemonic,
    chain: {

>       bech32_prefix: 'band', // Band Protocol address prefix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      bech32_prefix: 'band', // Band address prefix
```

>       slip44: 494, // Band Protocol coin type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      slip44: 494, // Band coin type
```

    },
  })

  const [account] = await signer.getAccounts()

  console.log(account) // Log the account for debugging

  const bandClient = await getSigningBandClient({
    rpcEndpoint,
    signer,
  })

  return bandClient
}
```

## Vote on Signal

> This example demonstrates how to vote on price feed signals using Band Protocol's feeds module. Signal voting is used in Band's price feed system to indicate which price feeds validators should support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to vote on price feed signals using BandChain feeds module. Signal voting is used in Band's price feed system to indicate which price feeds validators should support.
```

const sendToken = async () => {
  const signer = await getSignerClient()

  const fromAddress = 'band1qjte252y5wk3vj0tk2cmgw64pwkxsg0n22pa4k' // Sender's address
  const toAddress = 'band1qjte252y5wk3vj0tk2cmgw64pwkxsg0n22pa4k' // Recipient's address (sending to itself in this example)

  const fee = {
    amount: [
      {
        denom: 'uband', // Fee denomination in micro-BAND
        amount: '5000', // Fee amount (0.005 BAND)
      },
    ],
    gas: '200000', // Gas limit for the transaction
  }

  // Import the send message composer from Cosmos SDK bank module
  const { send } = cosmos.bank.v1beta1.MessageComposer.withTypeUrl

  // Create a send message
  const msgSend = cosmos.bank.v1beta1.MsgSend.fromPartial({
    fromAddress,
    toAddress,
    amount: [
      {
        denom: 'uband', // Token denomination in micro-BAND
        amount: '1000000', // Amount to send (1 BAND = 1,000,000 uband)
      },
    ],
  })

  // Convert to properly formatted message with type URL
  const msg = send(msgSend)

  // Sign and broadcast the transaction
  const response = await signer.signAndBroadcast(fromAddress, [msg], fee)

  return response
}
```

## Get Tunnels

> This example demonstrates how to query tunnel information from Band Protocol's tunnel module. Tunnels are used for cross-chain communication and data routing in Band Protocol's infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to query tunnel information from BandChain tunnel module. Tunnels are used for cross-chain communication and data routing in BandChain infrastructure.
```

```js
const getTunnels = async () => {
  // Create a read-only query client (no wallet required)
  const { createRPCQueryClient } = band.ClientFactory
  const client = await createRPCQueryClient({ rpcEndpoint })

  // Query tunnels with filtering and pagination
  const response = await client.band.tunnel.v1beta1.tunnels({
    statusFilter: 1, // Filter by tunnel status (1 = active tunnels)
    pagination: {
      key: new Uint8Array(), // Pagination key (empty for first page)
      offset: BigInt(0), // Number of items to skip
      limit: BigInt(100), // Maximum number of items to return
      countTotal: true, // Whether to count total items
      reverse: false, // Whether to reverse the order
    },
  })

  return response // Returns tunnel data with pagination info
}
```

## Get TSS Groups

> This example shows how to query Threshold Signature Scheme (TSS) groups from Band Protocol's TSS module. TSS groups are used for distributed key management and multi-party computation in Band Protocol's security infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to query Threshold Signature Scheme (TSS) groups from BandChain TSS module. TSS groups are used for distributed key management and multi-party computation in BandChain's security infrastructure.
```

```js
const getTSSGroups = async () => {
  // Create a read-only query client (no wallet required)
  const { createRPCQueryClient } = band.ClientFactory
  const client = await createRPCQueryClient({ rpcEndpoint })

  // Query TSS groups with pagination
  const response = await client.band.tss.v1beta1.groups({
    pagination: {
      key: new Uint8Array(), // Pagination key (empty for first page)
      offset: BigInt(0), // Number of items to skip
      limit: BigInt(100), // Maximum number of items to return
      countTotal: true, // Whether to count total items
      reverse: false, // Whether to reverse the order
    },
  })

  return response // Returns TSS group data including member information and thresholds
}
```

## Get Feeds Data

> This example demonstrates how to query price feed data from Band Protocol's feeds module using a read-only client. No wallet or transaction fees are required for queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to query price feed data from BandChain's feeds module using a read-only client. No wallet or transaction fees are required for queries.
```

```js
const getFeedPrices = async () => {
  // Create a read-only query client (no wallet required)
  const { createRPCQueryClient } = band.ClientFactory
  const client = await createRPCQueryClient({ rpcEndpoint })

  // Query all available price feed data from Band Protocol
  const prices = await client.band.feeds.v1beta1.allPrices()

  return prices // Returns array of price feed data with symbols, prices, and timestamps
}
```

## Send BAND Token via IBC Transfer

> This example shows how to transfer BAND tokens to another blockchain using the Inter-Blockchain Communication (IBC) protocol. This enables cross-chain token transfers between Band Protocol and other Cosmos SDK chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to transfer BAND tokens to another blockchain using the Inter-Blockchain Communication (IBC) protocol. This enables cross-chain token transfers between Band and other Cosmos SDK chains.
```
